I'm Manuel and he is Andrea but we have
a different surname of course so our
talk is about our presentation is about
building this utilized application and
our main goal as someone that recently
enters or our journey is to actually
build a bit centralized application so
this presentation is mostly about
getting you to know what we are doing in
Monday we or a lot of people wrote about
keep stir in those in those stickers
stickers those stickers sticky labels
sticky labels whatever but that that's
what we are trying to present to you
bear in mind that everything that you
will be viewing in these slides are
pretty fresh and recent and it's just a
few days of work so in fact this
presentation was made like 10 minutes
ago so so we are trying to build keep
stir at least we started that way and it
can be summarized into taglines the
first one is an open and connected data
structure of knowledge that can be
visualized and edited in a decentralized
fashion and the other tagline is an
equable knowledge base for the
decentralized web so there's a lot of
concepts here but essentially is a
network or a tree of documents and each
document as a lot of text might be text
images videos on our vets and they are
always organized in a threeway ok and
everything can be shared everything can
be collaborative and it has a lot of
features on top of that foundation so
next I will be showing some like
mock-ups or and not mock-ups is like
this just an initial concept here we can
see that the visual will apply to the
platform it has a really simple look and
feel where the user almost recognized
the platform as having not a brand in
inside hit so I'm going to start here
the video when the user is currently on
a page it will start editing all of the
fields with a possibility to add a title
description or any block like it could
enter on the on the page itself it has a
lot of features that we thought about it
on it on the beginning some of them will
be turn down because we are still
looking for the better approach and
learn a bit more of the decentralized
applications so it's usually on the left
you'll see like your user organization
like how you organize your your
knowledge base and you can actually
create new documents invite people and
if you can also synchronize from other
people so let's say that Andres over
here as is knowledge base and I'm
interested in something particular like
is video or video editing tutorials for
instance I can synchronize from from
that note of him office and I will be
able to see everything from from
deathnote and and changes over time
automatically based on the the the pier
see oddities and on top of PFS and all
that you won't want us to repeat the
video just to get as new will be pero
maybe that of time maybe I can can you
apply it and I will explain the next
slide so the data model here is
basically a tree of nodes everything is
a node and each node is no no no less
important than others for instance every
user starts as a root node of type user
and then you can associate child nodes
from that node like a page or something
else and each page for
as new elements like an adding or a text
or a video or an image and by that by
doing that you form the document that
way by a tree and then each each node
might besides as a type mice might have
a traits one or more traits what what is
its rate at rate is basically a behavior
that it exposed to the outside
for instance a node might might expose a
trait called navigation so that I expose
information for the application to build
the navigation on the left side that you
just saw another trait is for instance
the display traits which is it's right
that elements can expose to render
themselves on the page another trait
that is very interesting is the text
traced trait that allows you to not not
display but like extracts what the node
means in terms of text so for instance a
node of type image might like export an
access key image or something like that
or even like use artificial intelligence
to get what get elements from the image
and expose those elements to outside as
a text or image recognition and when
when I initially said that the this is a
any cabal knowledge base is because each
node type is associated to a plugin so
each plugin plugin is as the role and
the ability to treat that node the way
he wants to
of course the application will have
built-in types just like this as the
ones that I said like page and in a
title in an image but it's a cable
because you can have new types and on
the way some some types may even be over
idle by by your plugin for is this you
have an image that some mods want to be
represented differently you can do so
and all of these data model is
collaborative and that's the goal then
we got this philosophy that I think we
should make an effort to to accomplish
which is the basic functionality must be
supported first by the local device this
allows us to be on offline first an
application for instance because
everything we make an effort to to have
everything offline and only then we go
to the decentralized way of doing things
and the next slide and leverage for the
second part which is first or secondly
we go into the decentralized service so
only then we might think centralized for
instance if we want to do something like
push notifications nowadays we still
have correct me if I'm wrong but we
still have to do that as a centralized
or by doing via a centralized service
and even then and then the next one the
federalized
way should be open should be something
that you could run yourself like via
docker container or something like that
and you put that somewhere running and
that means that you can host it yourself
but there's also opportunity for people
to explore the managed side of things so
that users may buy something for a
service to be running and I don't care
the way it's runs basically so to build
keep stirred of course we need a lot of
capabilities and features such as
identity ACL permissions web invitations
realities profess PLD and all of that
stuff and it also means that that this
application as a fully-featured
application is very complex it's a fully
fledged product we'll offer features and
I think that we are not what ready yet
to do that in terms of
our selves at the moment still requires
a lot of capabilities that have been
thought out and developed at the moment
and so to have something ready like in
the next couple of weeks and months we
decided to go on another route
so instead of going to to actually
develop hipster we decided to decide to
develop something simpler that called
serve as a basis in terms of data model
and features but simpler so Joanne when
it came with this idea which is quite
good which is basically an application
that you take and a link and you can
discuss on that simply as that I can
show you can show you can show you some
wireframes but that's that's the essence
of it and we can show you so you get the
filming of a looks like okay this is
just a simple journey that we start
working yesterday and we can hear here
that we can place a URL to start a new
discussion let's suppose that we are
logging already and the ACL is already
solved so I'm going to paste here
something generate a new discussion and
then I need to identify the discussion
itself so in with this in mind I
prepared this screen when we can have
like a title add some text to let URL
and then a possibility to add an image
or not and then in the last field just
initiate the comment with the first
discussion so here I'm talking about
Google or in the digital capitalism I'm
going to insert my accounts comment and
then this is how the page will look like
well let's suppose that I am Lawrence
here and then like some time is passed
and then there are the other comments in
the replies this is the current look and
feel that I am applying but it's this is
just a wireframe for now
this is just my maid like yesterday so
the next one in terms of goals of this
application of this new application in a
summer is to discuss on where I discuss
and discussions happens via comments
which in turn generate threats of
comments and it should feel real real
time like I could see new comments
popping out comments being edited not in
real time like seeing every sharp being
type but like just real time the says
that you once you publish you see it
right away obviously there will be like
ways to prevent people from editing like
eristic s-- like edit for the first five
minutes something like that then you
can't you can't head it it should feel
real time like I said users may
subscribe and subscribe to discussions
once you you comment obviously you are
automatically subscribed to the to
discussion but you might opt in to
subscribe and opt out to subscribe as
well there's also the goal to be able to
create private discussions so there's a
public and the private thread of
discussions or comments and I must be
able to share a link that I can or bring
people to discuss something in a private
way full encrypt of course you should be
able to deliver notifications to to
users based on the discussions they are
subscribed to like saying hey there's a
new comment or there's a summary of this
thread that has new five new comments or
whatever and the application should work
well offline because that's one of our
goals the local device should work well
as a first citizen and I think that's
all we have for you yeah that's it and
that's our journey so far thank you
thank you
you